# Neuron-Oscillation-II

## Folders

- figs: All the output plots 
- module: All the functions for models and plots
  - model_LIF.m: LIF model
  - model_LIF_FC.m: LIF model with fixed connection 
  - model_LIF_Ring.m: LIF ring model 
  - model_ode.m: ODE model 
- outputs (gitignored): Running results of some models

## Examples 

- eg_LIF.m
  An example of leak integrate and fire model. The model will run for 3s and return the rasterplot of the last 1000 ms. 
- eg_LIF_ODE.m 
  A script to compare LIF model and ODE model. 



## Plots in our [paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.14942) 

- fig1_script.m
  Matlab script to generate Fig 1. 
  Fig 1 has 3 panels.
  - Panel A: the topological graph for models (by Adobe Illustrator)
  - Panel B: Rasterplots & Spikecounts to show 3 regimes 
  - Panel C: The average spectrogram of 3 regimes 
- fig2_script.m 
  Matlab script to generate Fig 2. 
  - Panel A: Two different beats and the identification of MFE 
  - Panel B: MFE-to-MFE iteration (by Adobe Illustrator)
  - Panel C: Example of E/I population 
- fig3_script.m
  Matlab script to generate Fig 3 and Fig S1.
  - Panel A: MFE mapping of 1 beat
  - Panel B: MFE mapping of 2 beat
  - Panel C: MFE mapping of 3 beat
- fig4_script.m
  Matlab script to generate Fig 3.
  MFE beat bifurcation maps of $\tau^E, S^{Ext}, P, \tau_R$. 
- fig5_script.m
  Matlab script to generate Fig 5. Multi-band oscillations produced by network simulation. 
  - Panel A: Four points in the 1D parameter space of $S^{EI}$ are selected.
  - Panel B, C, D, E:  Similar to A, but the varying parameters correspond to Fig 5.
- fig6_script.m
  Matlab script to generate Fig 6.
  Comparison between the dynamics generated by the spiking neuronal network and the reduced ODE model. 
- fig7-8_script.m
  Matlab script to generate Fig 7 and Fig 8.
  MFE beat bifurcation map of $S^{EI}$ and MFE mapping of the reduced ODE model. 



## Extra plots

- figRing_script.m
  Rasterplot of the LIF ring model. 
- figS4_script.m
  The distribution of the states of MFE initiations in the reduced state space. 
- figS5-7_script.m
  Comparing ER networks and annealed architecture for 3 connection probability values.

